resource_control: add set resource group and resource group hint (#12866)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

+ Controls whether to enable scheduling for user foreground read/write requests according to [Request Unit (RU)](/tidb-resource-control.md#what-is-request-unit-ru) of the corresponding resource groups. For information about TiDB resource groups and resource control, see [TiDB resource control](/tidb-resource-control.md).
+ Enabling this configuration item only works when [`tidb_enable_resource_control](/system-variables.md#tidb_enable_resource_control-new-in-v660) is enabled on TiDB. When this configuration item is enabled, TiKV will use the priority queue to schedule the queued read/write requests from foreground users. The scheduling priority of a request is inversely related to the amount of resources already consumed by the resource group that receives this request, and positively related to the quota of the corresponding resource group.

> + Default value: `true`, which means to enable scheduling based on the RU of the resource group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Default value: `true`, which means scheduling based on the RU of the resource group is enabled.
```
